[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So I'm gonna give you a
couple of real quick things that callbacks
try to do.
These are things that people have tried
to do to solve some of the issues with
callbacks.
For example, here,
we have the separate callbacks approach
where I pass in a success handler and
an error handler, and
I expect that one or the other is called.
But this is even more implicit trust
cuz I'm trusting that you're only
gonna call one and not the other.
What happens if they call the success and
the failure?
What happens if they call
the failure first and
then later they call the success,
or vice versa?
How are we supposed to
handle that kind of thing?
We're trusting that they're not going to.
But how would we handle that if they did?
What would your program do if
both callbacks got called?
It would probably break, so this doesn't
really solve inversion of control,
it just makes it worse.
Then we have,
this is commonly called note style,
but I think that's a really bad name,
we should call it error-first style code,
which is when we pass in a single
callback but we get an error function,
this error parameter is the first
parameter there on line 9.
The error parameter will be
filled with something truthy if
there was an error condition and
it will be empty if there wasn't.
So we find ourselves inside of our
functions, and this happens a lot in node,
we do this if else all over the place.
Now we don't have two separate functions,
but we still have one function, and
let me ask you the question, what happens
if they pass back both an error object and
a success value?
How would your code react?
You'd probably completely
ignore the success value,
because you'd be checking only for
the error object.
So, again, we really haven't done anything
to actually solve the implicit trust
issues that have been created
by callbacks as a continuation
style.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
Here's my little running example
that I'm gonna give you,
calculating the meaning of life.
And here I'm doing so
with nested callbacks, okay?
So, the first callback is
I'm calling on line 5.
I'm saying, this getData function by
the way, he just waits 1,000 seconds and
then gives you your data right back.
So, I'm saying 1,000 milliseconds from
now, I want you to pass me 10 back.
I'll add 10 to 1, and my x will now be 11.
Then 1,000 milliseconds from now,
I want you to hand me 30 back, and
I'll add 30 plus 1, so I'll have 31.
1,000 milliseconds from now, I want you to
hand me back the string that says meaning
of life is equal to the addition of 11 and
31, and you hand me back the answer and
I print that out,
which is the meaning of life is 42.
Okay.
So it's these asynchronous steps that I'm
doing that might have been AJAX calls or
click handlers or any other form of stuff.
And it should be evident in this code,
that if we did not trust this getData
function, we would have had a massive
inversion of control trust issue.
There's also lots of problems that
we have no error handling here.
What happens if halfway through,
it fails to send us back the value,
where the program just hangs?
You don't have any way of doing it.
So, you have to construct all kinds
of elaborate solutions to these
problems that callbacks introduce.